Nobody pray for me. Even a day for me. Way yeah, yeah!
Ay, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances, finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I'm countin' this parmesan where my accountant lives.
In fact, I'm downin' this D'USSÉ with my boo bae, tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts.
Girl, I can buy yo' ass the world with my paystub.
Ooh, that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods?
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Pull up on your block, then break it down: we playin' Tetris
A.M. to the P.M., P.M. to the A.M., funk
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk
If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk.
If I quit this season, I still be the greatest, funk.
My left stroke just went viral, right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral.
Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note.
Its levels to it, you and I know, bitch, be humble, sit down, hol' up lil' bitch be humble.
Who dat nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on man, man?
Get the fuck off my stage, I'm the Sandman
Get the fuck off my dick, that ain't right, I make a play fuckin' up your whole life.
I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the Photoshop, show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor, show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretchmarks.
Still will take you down right on your mama's couch in Polo socks, ay
This shit way too crazy, ay, you do not amaze me, ay
I blew cool from AC, ay, Obama just paged me, ay
I don't fabricate it, ay, most of y'all be fakin', ay
I stay modest 'bout it, ay, she elaborate it, ay
This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk, ay
Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, ay
If I kill a nigga, it won't be the alcohol, ay
I'm the realest nigga after all, bitch, be humble
Pour up, drank, head shot.
Sit down, stand up, pass out, wake up
Faded, faded
Now I done grew up round some people living their life in bottles
Granddaddy had the golden flask back stroke every day in Chicago
Some people like the way it feels
Some people wanna kill their sorrows
Some people wanna fit in with the popular that was my problem
I was in the dark room loud tunes, looking to make a vow soon
That I'mma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup I see the crowd move
Changing by the minute and the record on repeat
Took a sip, then another sip, then somebody said to me
Nigga why you babysittin' only 2 or 3 shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'mma dive in it
Okay, now open your mind up and listen to me, Kendrick
I'm your conscience, if you do not hear me then you will be history, Kendrick
I know that you're nauseous right now and I'm hopin' to lead you to victory, Kendrick
If I take another one down I'mma drown in some poison abusin' my limit
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe
I see the love in her eyes,
I see the feelin' the freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrive
This how you capitalize
This is parental advice then apparently,
I'm over influenced by what you are doin' I thought I was doin' the most then someone said to me
I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you, bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang
I got,
Loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
Cocaine quarter piece, got war and peace inside my DNA
I got power, poison, pain and joy inside my DNA
I got hustle though, ambition, flow, inside my DNA
I was born like this, since one like this
Immaculate conception
I transform like this, perform like this
Was Yeshua's new weapon
I don’t contemplate, I meditate, then off your fucking head
This that put-the-kids-to-bed
This that I got, I got, I got, I got
Realness, I just kill shit 'cause it's in my DNA
I got millions, I got riches buildin’ in my DNA
I got dark, I got evil, that rot inside my DNA
I got off, I got troublesome, heart inside my DNA
I just win again, then win again like Wimbledon, I serve
Yeah, that's him again, the sound that engine in is like a bird
You see fireworks and Corvette tire skrrt the boulevard
I know how you work, I know just who you are
See, you's a, you's a, you's a
Bitch, your hormones prolly switch inside your DNA
Problem is, all that sucker shit inside your DNA
Daddy prolly snitched, heritage inside your DNA
Backbone don't exist, born outside a jellyfish, I gauge
See, my pedigree most definitely don't tolerate the front
Shit I've been through prolly offend you
This is Paula’s oldest son
I know murder, conviction
Burners, boosters, burglars, ballers, dead, redemption
Scholars, fathers dead with kids
And I wish I was fed forgiveness
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, soldier’s DNA
Born inside the beast
My expertise checked out in second grade
When I was 9, on cell, motel, we didn't have nowhere to stay
At 29, I’ve done so well, hit cartwheel in my estate
And I'm gon' shine like I'm supposed to
Antisocial, extrovert
And excellent mean the extra work
And absentness what the fuck you heard
And pessimists never struck my nerve
And that’s a riff, gonna plead this case
The reason my power's here on earth
Salute the truth, when the prophet say
To young African Americans than racism in recent years)
I live a better, fuck your life
This is my heritage, all I'm inheritin'
Money and power, the makin' of marriages
Tell me somethin'
You mothafuckas can't tell me nothin'
I'd rather die than to listen to you
My DNA not for imitation
Your DNA an abomination
This how it is when you're in the Matrix
Dodgin' bullets, reapin' what you sow
And stackin' up the footage, livin' on the go
And sleepin' in a villa
Sippin' from a Grammy and walkin' in the buildin'
Diamond in the ceilin', marble on the floors
Beach inside the window, peekin' out the window
Baby in the pool, godfather goals
Only Lord knows, I've been goin' hammer
Dodgin' paparazzi, freakin' through the cameras
Eat at Four Daughters, Brock wearin' sandals
Yoga on a Monday, stretchin' to Nirvana
Watchin' all the snakes, curvin' all the fakes
Phone never on, I don't conversate
I don't compromise, I just penetrate
Sex, money, murder—these are the breaks
These are the times, level number 9
Look up in the sky, 10 is on the way
Sentence on the way, killings on the way
Motherfucker, I got winners on the way
You ain't shit without a body on your belt
You ain't shit without a ticket on your plate
You ain't sick enough to pull it on yourself
You ain't rich enough to hit the lot and skate
Tell me when destruction gonna be my fate
Gonna be your fate, gonna be our faith
Peace to the world, let it rotate
Sex, money, murder—our DNA
If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street I hear
"Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! Yawk!"
"Man down
Where you from, nigga?"
"Fuck who you know, where you from, my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?"
"This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga"
Brace yourself, I'll take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I'm slingin crack or move cocaine
This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain
Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighing on your brain
It was Me, O-Boog[?], and Yaya[?], YG Lucky ride down Rosecrans
It got ugly, waving your hand out the window. Check yo self
Uh, warriors and Conans
Hope euphoria can slow dance with society
The driver seat the first one to get killed
Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where hang out
Now this is not a tape recording saying that he did it
But ever since that day, I was lookin at him different
That was back when I was nine
Joey packed the nine
Pakistan on every porch is fine
We adapt to crime, pack a van with four guns at a time
With the sliding door, fuck is up?
Fuck you shootin' for if you ain't walkin up you fuckin' punk?
Pickin' up the fuckin' pump
Pickin' off you suckers, suck a dick or die or sucker punch
A wall of bullets comin' from
AK's, AR's, "Aye y'all. Duck."
That's what momma said when we was eatin the free lunch
Aw man, God damn, all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in '94. Fuck yo truce
Now crawl yo head in that noose
You wind up dead on the news
Ain't no peace treaty, just pieces
BG's up to pre-approve, bodies on top of bodies
IV's on top of IV's
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolley
Make sure your colors correct
Make sure you're corporate, or they'll be calling your mother collect
They say the governor collect, all of our taxes except
When we in traffic and tragic happens, that shit ain't no threat
You movin backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a Tec
Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial, I guess
M.A.A.d city
Wake yo punk ass up!
It ain't nothin but a Compton thang
Chyea
Real simple and plain
I'mma teach you some lessons about the street
It ain't nothin but a Compton thang
Chyea
How we do
Fresh outta school cause I was a high school grad
Sleeping in the living room in my momma's pad
Reality struck I seen the white car crash
Hit the light pole two nigga's hopped out on foot and dashed
My Pops said I needed a job I thought I believed him
Security guard for a month and ended up leaving
In fact I got fired because I was inspired by all of my friends
To stage a robbery the third Saturday I clocked in
Projects tore up, gang signs get thrown up
Cocaine laced in marijuana
And they wonder why I rarely smoke now
Imagine if your first blunt had you foaming at the mouth
I was straight tweaking the next weekend we broke even
I made allegiance that made a promise to see you bleeding
You know the reasons but still won't ever know my life
Kendrick AKA Compton's human sacrifice
Cocaine, weed
Nigga's been mixing shit since the 80's loc
Sherm sticks, butt nakeds
Make a nigga flip
Cluck heads all up and down the block and shit
One time's crooked and shit
Block a nigga in
Alondra, Rosecrans, Bullis
I'm still in the hood
Loc yeah that's cool
The hood took me under so I follow the rules
But yeah that's like me, I grew up in the hood where they bang
And niggas that rep colors is doing the same thing
Pass it to the left so I can smoke on me
A couple drive-bys in the hood lately
Couple of IV's with the fucking spray can
Shots in the crowd then everybody ran
Crew I'm finna slay, the street life I crave
Shots hit the enemy, harsh turn brave
Mount up regulators in the whip
Down the boulevard with the pistol grip
Trip, we in the hood still.
So loc, grab a strap cause yeah, it's so real
Deal with the outcome, a strap in the hand
And a bird and ten grand's where motherfuckers stand. If I told you I killed a nigga at 16, would you believe me?
Or see me to be innocent Kendrick that you seen in the street,
With a basketball and some Now & Laters to eat.
If I mentioned all of my skeletons, would you jump in the seat?
Would you say my intelligence now is great relief?
And it's safe to say that our next generation maybe can sleep,
With dreams of being a lawyer or doctor.
Instead of boy with a chopper that hold the cul de sac hostage,
Kill them all if they gossip, the Children of the Corn.
They realizing the option of living a lie, drown their body with toxins.
Constantly drinking and drive, hit the powder then watch this flame, that arrive in his eye; this a coward, the concept is aim and,
They bang it and slide out that bitch with deposits. And the price on his head, the tithes probably go to the projects.
I live inside the belly of the rough Compton, U.S.A. made me an angel on angel dust, what
Mass hallucination baby,
Ill education baby,
Want to reconnect with your elations,
This is your station baby.
Look inside these walls and you see them having withdrawals of a prisoner on his way
Trapped inside your desire
To fire bullets that stray
Track a tire just tell you I'm tired and ran away
I should ask a choir what do you require
To sing a song that acquire me to have faith
As the record spin I should pray
For the record I recognize that I'm easily prey
I got ate alive yesterday
I got animosity building
It's probably big as a building
Me jumping off of the roof
Is just me playing it safe
But what am I supposed to do
When the topic is red or blue
And you understand that I ain't
But know I'm accustomed to
Just a couple that look for trouble
And live in the street with rank
No better picture to paint than me walking from bible study
And called his homies because he had said he noticed my face
From a function that tooken place
They was wondering if I bang
Step on my neck and get blood on your Nike checks
I don't mind because one day you'll respect
The good kid, m.A.A.d. city
All I see is strobe lights
Blinding me in my hindsight
Finding me by myself
Promise me you can help
In all honesty I got time to be copacetic until
You had finally made decision to hold me against my will
It was like a head on collision that folded me standing still
I can never pick out the difference
And grade a cop on the bill
Every time you clock in the morning
I feel you just want to kill
All my innocence while ignoring my purpose
To persevere as a better person
I know you heard this and probably in fear
But what am I supposed to do
With the blinking of red and blue
Flash from the top of your roof
And your dog has to say roof
And you ask, "Lift up your shirt"
Cause you wonder if a tattoo
Of affiliation can make it a pleasure to put me through
Gang files, but that don't matter because the matter is racial profile
I heard them chatter: "He's probably young but I know that he's down"
Step on his neck as hard as your bullet proof vest
He don't mind, he know he'll never respect
The good kid, m.A.A.d. city
All I see in this room
20 Xanies and these 'shrooms
Grown-up candy for pain
Can we live in the same society
It's entirely stressful upon my brain
You hired me as a victim
I quietly hope for change
When violence is the rhythm
Inspired me to obtain
The silence in this room
With 20 Xanies and 'shrooms
Some grown-up candy I lost it
I feel it's nothing to lose
The streets sure to release the worst side of my best
Don't mind, 'cause now you ever in debt
Alls my life I has to fight, nigga
Alls my life I...
Hard times like, "God!"
Bad trips like, "Yeah!"
Nazareth, I'm fucked up
Homie, you fucked up
But if God got us, then we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're looking at me for the pay cut
But homicide be looking at you from the face down
What MAC-11 even boom with the bass down?
Schemin', and let me tell you 'bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty pussy and Benjamin is the highlight
Now tell my momma I love her, but this what I like, Lord knows
20 of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me
Reaping everything I sow, so my karma comin' heavy
No preliminary hearings on my record
I'm a motherfucking gangster in silence for the record
Tell the world I know it's too late
Boys and girls, I think I gone cray
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say, wouldn't you know, we been hurt, been down before.
Nigga, when our pride was low,
lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?"
Nigga, and we hate po-po wanna kill us dead in the street fo sho'.
Nigga, I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow
But we gon' be alright
What you want you: a house or a car?
40 acres and a mule? A piano, a guitar?
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every other zero
Thinking of my partner, put the candy, paint it on the Regal
Digging in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Everyday my logic get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico... Ah!
I don't talk about it, be about it, everyday I sequel
If I got it then you know you got it, Heaven, I can reach you
Pet dog, pet dog, pet dog, my dog, that's all
Pick back and chat, I trap the back for y'all
I rap, I black on track so rest assured
My rights, my wrongs; I write 'til I'm right with God
I keep my head up high
I cross my heart and hope to die
Lovin' me is complicated
Too afraid, a lot of changes
I'm alright, and you're a favorite
Dark nights in my prayerss
I remembered you was conflicted
Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment.
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room, I didn't wanna self-destruct.
The evils of Lucy was all around me, so I went runnin' for answers.